Changed grammar and added a hyperlink (#2735)
javascript-tutorial/en.javascript.info: 1-js/01-getting-started/1-intro/article.md

```compare
+ Full integration with HTML/CSS.
+ Simple things are done simply.

> + Support by all major browsers is enabled by default.

Reviewer: it changes the meaning
maybe
```suggestion
+ Supported by all major browsers and enabled by default.
```
